Hello, my name is Kim, I am a guard.
lives and today I'm in the middle of the city
to talk to you about the care
in floods and flooding issues that
are closely linked to civil defense
in your county
Did you know that this is the second disaster
most frequent in Brazil deforestation
lack of care with the fate of the
and the population growth of the
cities contributes to the increase of
floods and floods
sewage and rainwater need
Free flow channels which in
are often interrupted by the
accumulation of garbage thrown in the streets
be aware of the sudden changes in
time and weather reports it
persecuted to hear the news of de
leaves the documents and values ​​in
a plastic bag inside a backpack
to expedite if necessary
abandon the house of zizi energy and
electrical equipment close the registration
water and gas
close the doors and windows of the house
so you will not have surprises as input
debris and of venomous animals only
use the cell phone and always have
flashlight without conditions of use
they are rather singular pages
must be used by them increase the
chance of accidents worsening the situation
some floods occur rapidly
then ox to save their property and never
risks your life and your family members
if you need to leave the residence
seek a nearby region
your home is dry and safe
to the strong rain signal is on alert
the level of water in the same street
during the night in case of being stranded
do not risk calling the fire department
193 or civil defense 199 and remain in the
safe to the water level
let the help come
if you are indoors and has water
knees immediately
It's current can drag it out too.
if you notice cracks or cracks
listening for some strange noise can be
Tournament drive signals
in case the band is not possible
house went up on the roof and the
important
try to stay calm so that you can
take the necessary steps
in the rural area the procedure changes
sure is to cut the droughts and
open doorways for creations
to escape the flood
just the pets
and something else warns the neighbors of the danger
the tension on the street until the nice cleto never
pass through flooded areas
only through extreme situations if
there is no other possibility since
there may be holes and culverts without
lids or masked by water and becomes
away from the water currents because they
have great speed and volume and yet
carries objects that can cause
injuries before walls and walls
preferably rope-safe or
being helped by other people
water strength at sites in the
uncontrollable
whenever possible improvisation material
fluctuation to have with you can be a
piece by an empty patio enclosed with
cover or a float if you are lucky
if caught by the current flows with the
belly up and feet forward
in order to protect the head in this
any moment in this region
increases the risk of drowning
if it is to help save someone with the use
of a rope always uses in the sense
taking advantage of the direction of
and do not forget to tie the
end of rope elite cross bridges
where the level of the river rose keep
poles apart since the energy wires
others may
electrical shock if you can choose
non-motorized vessels and
possible to wear life jackets
even if you know how to swim do not let your
child play in the rainy waters and
floods
never take advantage of flood water and
drink boiled bottled water only or
chlorinated
during floods it is common to
contaminations such as leptospirosis and
cholera and hepatitis
skin
the first symptom of vomiting fever
diarrhea abdominal pain in the legs or
If injuries occur seek unit
health department informing you that
had contact with the flood water
all these precautions are preventive
for your health
if it has been withdrawn or abandoned
your residence does not come home until
the water is down and the site is
released by the civil defense in case of
doubt call 193 immediately warns
numbers and you never have to save
there is a risk to your safety
many people die in this way
care also continues after the
floods
even before entering your home has
care and see if there is no risk
it blows off
to prevent fires and shocks
or explosions
check the conditions of the
electricity and gas pipelines
before turning them only return to home
during the day the boots and gloves to
avoid contact with water and mud
cleaning the affected areas immediately
to decontaminate the carton locations
water at the time of cleaning uses a
teaspoon of bleach for soup
every liter of water
if your residence was destroyed
during the flood do not return to
build in the same place because early or
later a new flood will occur and the
probability of repeating everything is very
great
When we build, we do not turn off the
drainpipe and consultation of civil defense your
safe places
we are responsible for the
floods that increase the risk of
tragedies notes diseases
but we are also the solution to reduce
this problem
if you each contribute your small
but important attitudes that we will have
immense positive result
prevention can reduce by 85 percent
of these occurrences
so my friends do not flood
risk their lives for material goods
your life is worth more than anything
transmit these messages to all
people you know about prevention
avoids 20,000 deaths from drowning
every year
but Brazil is responsible for the union of
all those who live in Brazil and
prevention means to reduce even
plus the number of drownings
ae